# MediLink
Initial prototype repository for MediLink project

**Name:** MediLink

**Member:** Ishwarya

**Purpose:**

MediLink is a comprehensive medication management mobile application
designed to streamline the process of ordering, scheduling, and tracking
medication deliveries for users. It aims to simplify medication
management, reduce errors, and ensure timely delivery of medications to
users\' doorsteps.

Features:

1\. Users can create accounts or sign in securely to access the app\'s
features.

2\. Users can manage their profiles, including personal information,
delivery addresses, and payment methods.

3\. Users can upload prescriptions by either taking a photo or selecting
an existing image from their device\'s gallery. The app supports various
image formats and ensures the security and privacy of uploaded
prescriptions.

4\. MediLink provides a catalog of commonly prescribed medications,
including detailed information such as dosage, usage instructions, and
potential side effects. Users can search for medications by name or
category.

5\. Users can place orders for medications directly from the app, either
by selecting medications from the catalog or uploading prescriptions.
The app guides users through the ordering process, ensuring accuracy and
completeness.

6\. Users can schedule the delivery of their medications by selecting
preferred dates and times. The app provides real-time availability
updates and ensures that scheduled deliveries align with users\'
preferences and requirements.

7\. Once orders are placed and scheduled, users can track the status of
their deliveries in real-time. The app provides notifications and
updates at each stage of the delivery process, from order confirmation
to dispatch and delivery.

8\. MediLink sends reminder notifications to users to ensure they never
miss a dose of their medications. Users can customize the frequency and
timing of reminders based on their preferences and medication schedules.

9\. The app supports secure payment processing, allowing users to
complete transactions using various payment methods, including
credit/debit cards, mobile wallets, and online banking.

10.Users can provide feedback, ask questions, or seek assistance through
the app\'s built-in support channels. The app ensures prompt responses
and strives to address users\' concerns effectively.

MediLink is available for both iOS and Android devices, providing a
consistent user experience across different platforms. The app utilizes
native platform features and adheres to platform-specific design
guidelines to ensure optimal performance and usability.

